Describe top-level messages (#506) (#509)
OpenSimulationInterface/open-simulation-interface: doc/architecture/sensor_view_configuration.adoc

= Sensor view configuration

The sensor view configuration configures the sensor view.

> It is provided by the environment simulation.

Reviewer: Maybe we should mention that it can be used in two different scopes:
1. It can be provided by the environment simulation, and explain.....
2. It can be provided by the sensor model, and explain....

Sensor view configuration data is intended for the automatic configuration of an environment simulation in order to supply the necessary input to a sensor model.
Sensor view configuration data is not intended to provide parameters to a generic sensor model. 

Sensor view configuration data can also be provided by the sensor model to the environment simulation.

> In that case, it describes the input configuration that is desired by the sensor model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, it describes the input configuration that is desired by the sensor model.
```

In response the environment simulation will configure the input and provide a new message which describes the actual configuration.

> These two messages may differ, when the environment simulation does not support a given requested configuration or when the requested configuration allowed is ambiguous.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These two messages (the one requested by the sensor model and the one provided by the environment simulation) may differ, when the environment simulation does not support a given requested configuration or when the requested configuration is ambiguous.
```
